**1 - How long did you spend on the coding test?**

The first exercise took me one afternoon, and the two other exercises one morning. Then I spent another afternoon making the code more readable.

**2 - What would you add to your solutions if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the coding test then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.**

To the first exercise, I would have added some logging in order to track the performance, maybe sending emails when the performance drops. Also, I would have tried to use Numpy arrays in order to enhance the performance.

To the third exercise, I would have tried to use parallelism if more than one file should be read.

**3 - Why did you choose the language you used for the coding test?**

I have chosen Python because is the language that I have used the most lately, due to my data science and machine learning online courses. Also, I find it easy to learn and read.

**4 - What was the most useful feature that was added to the latest version of your chosen language?**

I have checked Python last release web page (https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-363/), and I found nothing that I have used.

**5 - How would you track down a performance issue in production? Have you ever had to do this?**

I would store all the timings in a database table, and when there's a drop-down in the performance or a fail, send an email in order to be aware of that. I did something similar, but it was related to data figures instead of performance. The process was half automatic, but the mail was generated by me because I was adding screenshots from several sources.

**6 - Please describe yourself using JSON.**

I feel pretty confident using JSON, because Python dictionaries are build and used the same way, and also I have done a course of MongoDB which is a NoSQL database that uses JSON documents and arrays instead of relational tables.
